Hello, Tony.
I see you there, sir.
I'm just getting everything set up.
Brother Spoon, good to see you.
Tony is first in the chat.
Let me see here.
We're going to go... How about that?
That'll be better.
And go like this.
And then let's see if this works.
We can go over here and hit resume.
Excellent connection.
All right, we're going to hit resume.
Ah, good to see you guys.
Good to see everybody.
Good to see everyone.
Trust me, it's real.
It's real.
Full speed, Kevin.
On a western bay and it serves a hundred ships a day.
Lonely sailors pass the time away and talk about their homes.
And there's a girl in this harbor town and she works laying whiskey down.
They say brandy
I think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
Specialization should make you suspicious because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, and it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate, and then one should be, you know, a little bit suspicious, and that's sort of my starting bias.
John Watts wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids must be told what to believe.
The greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
Brandy used to watch his eyes When he told his sailor's story She could feel the ocean fall and rise She saw its rage and glory But he had always told the truth Lord, he was an honest man And Brandy does her best to understand
Tonight, when the bars close down, Brandy walks through a silent town and loves a man who's not around.
She still can't hear him say.
She hears him say, Brandy, you're a fine girl.
What a good wife you would be.
But my life, my love, and my lady is the same.
Such a nice song.
Just like that girl in the background there.
Soph is such a nice girl.
It's just, it's so cool how everything comes together in the end.
It is the birthday month of Brandy Vaughn and I'm happy to be still pushing her message along with any additions that myself and other people have made since.
It's welcome everyone to be here.
I'm really happy to be here myself.
I consider myself lucky to be here and potentially part of this realization of what these people have done and how they've used social media against us.
They can only make admissions at this point.
and then show those admissions to the people that need to see them and everybody else that wouldn't understand these admissions doesn't see them or sees them in a context that doesn't matter.
And that's the trick that they can pull with social media.
That's why they can put the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project on a great big podcast and have him tell lies for about an hour and a half.
a very limited spectrum of debate about a biological mythology that he's at the heart of curating.
They are so committed to this that they would go that far and they have indeed gone that far.
And they have people like Ryan Cole who testified in front of the Senate in Tennessee about the fact that he had done already 150,000 COVID diagnostic tests in his office.
And so these tests are the trap, ladies and gentlemen.
These are the basis for this spectacular commitment to lies.
That's the reason why not only these people have never talked to you about the ridiculous nature of PCR as a diagnostic, but all of these people have never bothered to tell you either.
We gotta take the power back from these charlatans.
This time can definitely be different because this time social media, as powerful as it is, also allows us to see it.
If you start looking in the right way, you can see it.
That's why I have hope.
I have hope that my kids...
My kids are not gonna be vulnerable to this kind of manipulation because my kids already understand that you can lie on YouTube.
That people on YouTube can have contestants on their show that are their friends and pretend that somebody won when in all reality they're all their family members.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know what we're up against.
You know how long we've been up against it and you know how this is a little bit of a crescendo in their operation.
And I think one of the best ways to see through it is to look for people who saw it as it was and said it and dropped everything and realized that there's nothing more important.
You know, you can't figure this stuff out and then still go on with your life and have everything be normal.
That doesn't make any sense.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice you're hearing is Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm the chief biologist at Giga Home Biological.
I come to you out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from the planet Earth.
You can find a record of my previous work as an academic biologist on the National Library of Medicine PubMed website.
Use my last name, Jonathan J. Cooey is my first name, of course, Jonathan J., but you only need JJ on the National Library of Medicine and you will get a clean list of all the papers that I've contributed to.
And more importantly, I think this biology that I've been trying to share over the last couple of years has been available to all the people that have risen in the ranks, has been available to all the people who have risen throughout social media over these last five years.
And they are all consistently ignoring me.
All the people that are associated with the group Panda are ignoring me to the extent to which they even lost all three
presentations that I give.
The people at the National Citizens Inquiry are nothing more than a firehose of confusion and frustration, and they're not helping really anyone get the word out about the truth.
The Wellness Company is, I don't know, a group of people that are selling supplements, I guess.
I don't really know how to characterize them.
They know what's up.
Children's Health Defense is a group of people that all takes incredibly nice salaries with incredibly nice insurance for their children and their family.
They have a very cush job where they work from home and they have not moved the ball.
They don't even have really goals.
Children's Health Defense is about rise and resist people over profits, truth over lies, and courage over fear, whatever that means.
Give them as much money as you can, of course, because they're a wonderful organization.
And people like Pierre Corey or Robert Malone or Merrill Nass will tell you all about it.
I helped Children's Health Defense and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
complete the book, The Wuhan Cover-Up.
And in the course of that work, I figured out that it wasn't possible.
I figured out the biology and started to understand how I might teach it to my children.
And I think I've succeeded in that.
And now I'm trying to find a way to teach that to others.
I thought maybe going to things like the Red Pill Expo would be ways to get to adults and to see the adults that needed to see me.
I've come to learn that maybe that's also just a great big group of meddlers and not any fault of G. Edward Griffins, but you know, there's just so many of them.
So many people that are willing to lie in order to sabotage the United States of America.
And that's why I'm kind of adopting the United States basketball team and its symbols and the whole idea of being a basketball coach as my
My my shtick because I really want to help people understand this and I want people to understand that these are Exercises that I can't do for you Nobody can get you in shape except for you and nobody can help you to shake the illusion that has been put on you like an elaborate spell of many layers and enchantment like you can't imagine and
has been put on you by the coordinated effort of witting and unwitting participants that have become militarized by the extent to which we use social media.
And although this is a biology program, one of my biggest messages going forward is that social media is a disaster for our children.
And we need to start making and curating our own social media.
And I'm trying to lead the way.
We have a conversation at GigaOM.bio.
We have all of our videos on a YouTube killing.
federatedhoststream.gigaohm.bio slash home thanks ted and we also have our own website gigaohmbiological.com that can also help you get around but essentially all the links that you need to find are at gigaohm.bio
There on the right.
We'll look at that later And if you want to send anything to me and my family you can send it to JJ Cooley at P.O.
Box 802 Bethel Park, Pennsylvania 15102 I'm just through the tunnel from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where Fred Rogers was doing his thing Can't omit my bird
I'm very excited today because an important voice in the anti-vax movement was on the Joe Rogan podcast.
And it's quite a significant, a lot of people think it's quite a significant advance for our position.
Good morning.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the back of my garage, although it
Looks a little bit fancier than that.
It really is just the back of my garage.
There was a little shop back here at some point.
There's like some holes in the window for, I presume, like venting, you know, sawdust and stuff like that.
Anyway, it's a nice little room.
It's, I don't know, 12 by 15 or something like that.
You can't use it for anything else.
And so this house just happened to have this one nice little room in the back of the garage And so I'm very lucky.
I have my own little extra bedroom It's it's everyone every man's dream apparently to have their own man cave and I kind of have that I'm pretty lucky to have that I don't get back here enough and get enough stuff done with regard to streaming, but I can tell you now with confidence that starting next week, I think I
A lot of people's opinions about what's happening here at Gigalem Biological are going to change pretty drastically.
We're going to finally move forward with Teaching Biology 101.
I haven't decided yet how many days a week I'm going to do it.
I'll update the schedule over the weekend.
I need to get through today and tomorrow because there's some things going on in the background that are just important to get done.
And when those things are done and settled and I don't have to worry about those balls in the air, then I'm going to take care of scheduling next week.
I don't think you need to expect some kind of five-day-a-week lecture schedule.
I'm going to try and be very careful about how we move forward with these big ideas and how quickly we reveal all of them.
But we are going to try and start out with a
30,000 foot view of a new biology 101 that will help, number one, kind of bring together the whole idea of the pandemic and what really occurred.
And also the sort of the pretenses of my objections to it will all kind of be tied together with a new biology 101 because we need to sort of start with a foundation different than whatever is in this Campbell biology, for example, that
that's down there that they use at universities, et cetera.
Today is March 27th, 2025.
I think I probably should switch down here to the bottom.
Let me just quick do that.
This is a message of hope that is not for everyone, but is for anyone.
And it's a tough one to swallow.
The main message, of course, is that this is for all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
You need to start thinking, if you're seeing me for the first time, you need to start expanding the way that you think about your plans and think about how you understand history,
because the people that are working against us, that I oftentimes refer to as the slavers, the slavers are actually thinking on a multi-generational timescale and they're thinking about using your grandkids as lab rats and your children as lab rats.
They're not thinking about you much anymore.
They might be thinking about, you know, not letting you go to waste and collecting as much basic data as they can, but they understand that this is a test run.
It is a dry run to assembling the basic working parts that would be necessary to accomplish their goal, which is to sort of understand the evolution of the
the human species on a molecular level, and then start to usefully augment that process outside of, you know, heredity and generational change.
Those are big, those are big ideas, right?
It's not a, it's not a message for everyone, if we're talking about people who want to control the future evolution of the species and think about their actions in that context.
If you're thinking about the future evolution of the species and you see a person that you don't think should contribute,
there are a few things you can do about it, right?
And if you, if your overarching motivation as a very rich person is something to do with controlling the evolution of the species, and now you can start to maybe get a grasp of what we're dealing with here.
And for those of you who've been here for a long time, I hope I'm just kind of saying it in a way that I haven't said it before.
Now, in the context of what happened in 2020 through 2022, I've been clear in my previous streams and part of what we will teach in the next month or so will be the basic biology that underlies this foundational truth that pure oxygen causes ARDS.
And there are textbook chapters and there are primary literature papers pre-pandemic, sometimes by decade, that will teach us this.
And so we don't need to ask doctors, we don't need to, you know, wonder what's going on here.
We just need to realize that this information was out there.
This statement is a fact.
And that means that there was a lot of murder and lies here.
The second thing is, is that PCR is not a useful diagnostic tool.
And once we explain the biological
facts, really, the biological observations that make that true, then we'll know that an additional quantity of this can only be described as murder and lies.
And then finally, when we get doctors to realize that not using antibiotics for pneumonia, or for urinary tract infection, or for sepsis, perhaps even, would be, of course, murder.
And all three of these things occurred en masse, and I think are at the heart of the lie that is the pandemic.
Now, the problem is, is that we have a bunch of people on the left and the right that are certain they're right, that have never, ever said this.
There's nobody in Trump's HHS that has said any of these things.
There's nobody, uh,
on the Trump administration that understands how many Americans were just simply murdered and then many more Americans were just simply expected to die and swept together a little bit with a little bit of these things just to help it out, to make the timing useful.
And with a little pure oxygen and a little less antibiotics, it would be very easy to sculpt
this expected rise in all-cause mortality into something that could be misconstrued as a crazy crisis, a pandemic.
And so if we explain it that simply, then it's also kind of easy to understand how we're here.
It's almost like it was scripted, you know, to use Tulsi Gabbard as a person that would be in the administration and everybody would think is great and could go on, was John Joe Rogan and all this other stuff.
And then within what, two weeks of her being in the administration, she seems to have dropped the ball.
And she says in front of Congress that she can't remember the conversation.
Now remember, this is the director of national intelligence, whatever that post means.
Does she have more power than that lady with white hair that's sitting next to Trump all the time?
Does she know more than that lady with white hair who's sitting next to Trump all the time?
Or is the Director of National Intelligence more important than the Chief of Staff?
I don't understand what the Director of National Intelligence does, but it's very odd that two weeks into the job, she's in front of Congress testifying about a signal chat that she's not sure if it was classified or not, because she can't remember the conversation
What happens if she resigns?
Would you be willing to accept that this was all just a fumble?
Do you think it's just a fumble that the person that they appointed to the CDC is being appointed instead of the whole CDC being dismantled?
I don't like to be the guy who's got to bring this message of hope.
because it isn't for everyone.
And that makes it hard.
It makes a lot of people angry.
But nobody has come to our rescue.
And I don't see any evidence of anyone coming anytime soon.
We're going to need to pull our big boy pants on and do it ourselves.
We're going to have to do it ourselves by learning the biology that edifies these ideas, that their illusion requires our participation.
If we stop, first of all, this whole thing ends.
Transfection, they always knew that's what it was.
Transformation, the adenovirus, Johnson & Johnson.
Transfection, the mRNA.
They always knew that these were pre-existing technologies that were being lied about as novel developments, as investigational vaccines.
Then, of course, once you realize the biology of RNA doesn't support a infinite, you know, self-sustaining molecule,
then you realize that the whole idea of a pandemic is just that an RNA coated in fat can do that.
That's ridiculous.
And finally, intramuscular injection is dumb.
This is something that I've been waiting for someone, anyone to explain to me, you know, the exceptions to this rule.
And there hasn't been an MD that will touch it with a 10 foot pole because in reality, this is probably the easiest way to dispel their enchantment.
It's not about talking about adjuvants or giving less vaccines or giving them later or don't vaccinate when people are sick or any of these things are just ridiculous.
Oh, it's the MMR.
No, it's flu shots.
No, it's Tylenol after the flu shot.
It's intramuscular injection being dumb.
If intramuscular injection is dumb, especially when combined with antibiotics, then why talk about antibiotics?
Why not talk about intramuscular injection being dumb first?
And that's the reason why I'm a little frustrated, and you should be too, that we've had this language pretty down pat for a while.
And like Brandy Vaughn figured out the hard way, a lot of these people just won't quite say it, and certainly not anywhere where they'll reach a lot of people.
and they're definitely not just gonna say the words, the US vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
And why, how can you, if you're on YouTube and you're thinking I'm nuts, how could you figure this out for yourself?
Well, what you could do is you could go on Google and you could try to find the vaccine schedule, the recommendations in other countries like Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, Germany, the UK, go where you want.
And just count up.
How many do they recommend?
What do they recommend?
And see what ages they recommend.
And understand that the earlier that you hit a small child in the head with a baseball bat, the more likely it is to damage them permanently.
And I think that's not too hard to understand.
If you hit a newborn baby in the head with a baseball bat, it's much more likely that they're not going to grow up sharp than if you hit a three-year-old on the head with a baseball bat in the exact same tink
That's just, that's easy.
Now, that argument is not to say that intramuscular injection is good.
It's to say that any insult, any injury is better the later it happens in development.
But that is not an argument for understanding what is going on, what the fundamental problem with intramuscular injection is.
And I think the people that are learning this biology are starting to assemble.
I'm starting to get the feeling that there is a little panic happening.
A little scramble is happening.
I don't think they intended for me or ever thought that I would get on Kim Iverson.
Let's just summarize this very easy.
There's only one chance for these people to ever sample from a population around 10 billion.
If their plans work,
the population of the earth is going to reduce over the next 50 years to around 2 billion.
And so at that stage, the amount of genetic and medical data and the variance, the variability, the diversity in that information available will be an order of magnitude less.
Can you see that?
And so if they know on a multi-generational time plan that these people are only going to be around for 50 years, then they can also make the choice that when we reach this peak, that we will transition into a data collection of these people that will not let this opportunity go to waste.
So that when the population of the earth reduces naturally down to 2 billion again, because the population pyramids are that way,
we will have collected a lot or most of this data without letting this opportunity, once in many generations, high in the human population on Earth.
Maybe this is one of the reasons why they allowed the population to go as high as it would, so that they would have this much data to collect.
never thought about that until right now.
Imagine that it was like a race to see who could get as many people as possible to set up a data collection sort of scramble as the population pyramid changed.
And now imagine that the fear that the story that they tell in the secret meetings in the West is that the Chinese already have more people.
And the worst part is that their genome is more homogeneous, which means that their
their data will be more valuable to them than our data would be valuable to us because our population is so much more genetically diverse that it is in some ways more difficult to extract easy information from it.
And so you could tell the story both ways, of course.
You could also say that the American population is much more valuable because the Chinese population, being more homogeneous as a genotype, would therefore need less examples of the same game to understand it than this more multi-racial, multi-ethnic, whatever you want to call it,
group of people in America.
But understand that this conversation that I'm having is the conversation that they have, that they have had, that they think about.
That's why Kevin McKernan is on that thing saying there's only like 800 variants of the human genome.
800 variants, and each one of them could be considered a separate game.
that needs a whole set of games to feed into the AI in order to solve.
So then if we solve all 800 games, then we'll have some clue about how, what, how do those 800 games combine then?
It's a combinatorial problem that they've been lying about for so long, and it's the Human Genome Project.
It's this idea that it's just as simple as collecting everybody's genome, sequencing it and feeding it into an AI.
And then we'll be able to reorganize stuff and make stuff super humans.
That's the story they've been telling since the 50s.
That's the story that we've been talking about in all these books.
That's the story that I think, and Mark thinks, Joshua Lederberg was a part of, that Hilary Koprowski was a part of, that Stanley Plotkin, and Tony Fauci, and Murray Gardner, and Bob Gallo, and David Baltimore, and the list is endless.
They were all involved in this project.
Because even before they knew what they were going to call the genetic material, what they would know they need to sequence, before they had even found anything like that in the nucleus of a cell, they already knew what they wanted to do.
They were already writing books about it.
They wanted to take control of the evolution of the species and it was imperative.
It was their moral obligation as smart men to do it.
And the Human Genome Project is part of that.
And so need to understand that the Human Genome Project doesn't even know what all the data is.
So they got to take a couple cracks at it.
That's going to take a generation.
They got to try and see if they collect the genomes of all the college kids.
And then they use AI to go back to the Epic database of all their medical records and interface back and see if they match those up and then put that in an AI.
Do they learn anything or not?
They don't know the answer to that question yet because that's ongoing.
Is that all the data or not?
They don't know.
But when they finally figure out that, no, I guess we're going to need more data than that, then they'll go get it.
And so let's just pretend that in 10 years, they figure out what all the data is, and all the data ends up to be well, we need to sequence the baby right after it's born.
And then we need to look at the, the epigenetic, the methylation of the DNA in every cell in that kid's body throughout his lifetime, at least until he's through puberty, and then we'll understand stuff.
And that's not even a scratching the surface of what I think the irreducible complexity of that data might be.
And you can already see how easy it would be to create layer and layer and layer of more data on top of that, which would create an impossibility in the computing, in the idea that they would store that data somewhere, nevermind store that data and have it accessible to a machine learning algorithm.
nevermind get to the point where they can make predictions that can be validated.
They've already done these little silly things, you know, like we could transfect somebody's liver and replace the protein that's missing and fix their congenital defect.
That didn't work.
Jesse Gelsinger can tell you that.
Their little assumptions, their predictions, they've never come true.
So they're just going, they got to keep going.
And that's what this this goal, you know, they got to keep going, because this, this is their one opportunity, this generation, or this two generations, where it's going to be around 10 billion people, this is their last chance.
They've only got about 70 years to collect this data and more importantly, to convince our kids to allow their baby's data to be collected.
And then after that, the population is going to collapse.
And that's why they put these people on the internet that are all associated with virology and with vaccines and with public health and with the Human Genome Project.
So Susan Humphreys was on Joe Rogan and I thought it would be appropriate to first maybe watch a Susan Humphreys from 2018 at Cal Jam where she was interviewed by some chick named Brandy Vaughn.
Because maybe we can see a difference between what this lady would say in a 15 minute spontaneous interview in 2018 versus what she says in the first 20 minutes
of a two and a half hours, say as much as you want to, to this donor opportunity.
and see if she can hit any home runs here and hit any home runs there or whether she hits any home runs or avoids hitting home runs.
What she looks like.
Is she happy?
Remember, we watched a video with Brandy and with Polly from exactly the same event where Polly looks very uncomfortable with being called one of Brandy's heroes.
I wonder what Suzanne Humphreys will look like when Brandy says Suzanne is one of her heroes.
Take it away.
Hi everyone, live from Cal Jam again, and this time I have Dr. Suzanne Humphries, who's one of my major heroes.
So I'm really, really excited for this video and to meet her and talk to her more.
I've met her once before, but of course that wasn't enough.
And she's here at Cal Jam speaking about her latest book called Rising from the Dead.
And it's an amazing book.
Everyone should get it.
And I wanted to ask her what she's going to talk about tomorrow at the conference.
It's funny, right, that Brandy doesn't have a book, but Susan Humphreys has like two, three, I don't know.
I mean, Pierre Kory got an Ivermectin book.
Jessica Rose is in like three people's books.
Matt Eret and his wife have published like six books in four years.
Robert Malone's on his third book, if you don't include the Coronavirus Guide to Safety book.
You know, James Lyons Wyler got a book.
Even Tom Cowan had a book before the pandemic that didn't really say anything, but kind of said something about chronic disease.
It's really extraordinary when you see it that, I mean, it's just remarkable.
I want to believe that this is a good guy, but I don't think I'm going to be there by the end of this video.
Well, I can tell you kind of what I'm going to talk about, but I can also tell you that people can live stream it.
If you go to Dr. Suzanne Humphreys on my webpage and you'll see how you can go and live stream it for a cost, but the cost goes to charity, 100% to charity.
So if you can't get here, you can go and check that out.
So the title of my talk is Vaccination Manipulating a Mystery.
And it's basically my opinion on the potential for having safe vaccines.
So what is your opinion on safe vaccines?
Well, I think I'd rather tell you that tomorrow night rather than tonight.
I mean, that's pretty extraordinary, right?
I mean, that's kind of where we are.
Brian Hooker could have said that these are transfections.
They're not investigational vaccines.
And I've been fighting the previous vaccine schedule for like 10 years because my son was injured by them.
And I'm not really sure how it happened, but I've been questioning the whole idea of vaccination since like 2012, but he didn't say that.
If she really thinks that vaccines are just poisoning kids with an intramuscular injection, then I don't know if that's a message that you should put behind a paywall or goof around about saying into somebody's cell phone recording.
I would never say, well, intramuscular injection is dumb, but I can't tell you that right now, but you can check my website for the truth.
Why would I not at any opportunity try to spread the truth if I knew it?
That's what Brandy does, but Brandy's gonna tolerate it.
You'll see.
Brandy doesn't understand yet.
This is 2018.
All right.
I don't want to, I don't want to, you know, you don't want to ruin it.
Yeah, definitely.
Well, you can live stream it on her Facebook page.
And also, you know, what's really going on here, of course, is that Brandy knows and hopes that the message is that all vaccinations are bad.
And
It still hasn't dawned on her that that's not what Suzanne is going to say.
It hasn't dawned on her that this message is going to be so convoluted and obfuscated that there will be no main points.
Yet you'll see it in this video that that's exactly what's going to happen.
And more importantly, I have no doubt in my mind when I play the Joe Rogan video, it's not going to be anywhere near.
First, let me start with an elevator pitch.
so that everybody can understand the big picture.
It's never gonna be that way.
It's not here.
She's never done it on stage with CHD.
Nobody ever does.
It's always about come to my website, come here to find it.
I'm sorry, intramuscular injection is dumb.
I don't have an answer yet.
None of these doctors have been able to say, well, you know, I guess I,
I guess I could say it that way.
None of them, they all ignore it.
And there's a reason why it's gotta be more complicated.
Why it was MMR and measles virus in the gut with Andrew Wakefield.
Why it was separate shots instead of the MMR together.
Why it was the gut.
There is a reason for all of that.
Does anyone have questions for Suzanne?
I know we have a lot of people out there who love all of her work in Dissolving Illusions.
Oh, by the way, I share that book all the time and all of the research that went into it.
So I think it's one of the keystone, keystones of the foundation of really proving that diseases didn't decline necessarily because of vaccines, not like we're told.
And, you know, it's really about profit over health.
So, and I really, you know, I love the way you speak because you tell the truth, right?
And like the full truth and not maybe, you know, sugarcoating it or anything like that.
So I really appreciate that because,
you know, it's important that we have a lot of truth-tellers in the movement and, you know, getting that information out there, so.
I think we should thank Roman Bistrianic also.
Ah, yes!
Because, like, I get all the blame for the book, but he should get all the praise, really, because he actually, it was his idea to write the book, he started it, he found all of the data, he made all the graphs himself, he did most of the historical research, and then I wrote the medical stuff.
So, it was a... No, that doesn't necessarily mean it's bad.
But you can go on X and find that guy very, very active.
And very specifically, sometimes even active against me.
There's something going on here.
If you can't simply say, as a doctor,
who's been working on this for years, that intramuscular injection itself might be the problem.
There's no explanation for somebody not getting there, especially with what she says in this video.
It was a collaborative effort, but without that, without Roman, there would be no dissolving.
I would trust me.
I would have never.
In this book,
We talk about polio virus.
In this book, we talk about smallpox.
In this video, we're not gonna talk about polio.
We're gonna talk about flu shots.
So in this book, she claims that Roman got all the data, made all the graphs,
and showed that the collapse of disease was due to sanitation and water and good food, probably just sanitation and water really, and antibiotics.
And this whole book, right?
After writing this whole book in when?
2013, the same year that Brian Hooker was questioning the vaccine schedule in general,
The same year that Brian Hooker was not blaming it on one shot at all.
2013, we are in 2025 and she was just on the Joe Rogan podcast.
She can't go back from wherever she is in 2018.
If she had a book in 2013, can she?
She can't go backwards, can she?
If she didn't know intramuscular injection was bad in 2013, and she didn't know it was bad enough to just say it in 2018, standing next to someone who could say it already in 2016, stop lying!
What's going on here?
I've never been able to do that book on my own.
I look at that book now and I just go, wow, like, I don't know how this happened, but yeah.
Cause I love that book.
I mean, so for those of you who are still a little bit new to all of this, um, dissolving illusions is an amazing book that shows that, um, really what we've been told about vaccines saving us from all of these epidemics and all of that, um, is not the full picture and it goes into, you know, the historical data.
There's great, uh, graphs on there.
Um,
And, you know, they really did a ton of research into the historical data, the real history, not the pharma propagandized history that, you know, wants to sell vaccines at all costs.
Well, at the cost of our health.
If you go to dissolvingillusions.com, you can see all the graphs in color for free.
You can see the author's introduction for free.
You can see Jane Donegan's.
I mean, how does that all happen, right?
I don't understand.
I have like three people
that support this stream and then 140 other people that give 10 bucks a month and that's it.
That's how we make our whatever it is $3,500 or $4,000 a month that pays the rent here besides extra work that I do at the gym and extra work that my wife does as a yoga teacher which brings in like 100 bucks a week.
How is it that these people have like book deals with co-authors that, I don't know, do all the research for them and make all the graphs themselves and have the idea for the book.
And then they just get a website where you can see it all right there.
And I'm gonna give a talk about it, but I can't tell you right now and we're raising everything for charity.
What in the nine hells is going on?
Why didn't anybody do that for Brandy?
She came from Merck.
Why did Polly get 90 billboards about autism with her own picture on it in the UK in the 90s and then get to move to America around the same time that Andrew Wakefield did and then this shit started?
The MMR, the adjuvants,
And they were so good at their messaging.
They were so much warriors that they saved practically nobody's kids.
And save Brandy, nobody even saved their own kids in this movement.
amazing forward and I believe you can see all of the photographs and maybe like the first page of each chapter at dissolvingillusions.com Yes, and you know what I just met Jane last week in London, and she's amazing I really have a lot of respect for her for her work as well and So what would you tell a new parent?
about vaccines.
I would tell the new parent to talk to an old parent, especially an old parent who has children that are 20 years old or higher, that they've never vaccinated and ask them how their health was, how many rounds of antibiotics they had, how many doctor visits they had, how many chronic diseases they have, how they dealt with illnesses when they come up.
And I would get a chiropractor on board with your, for your primary care health for your family.
Now chiropractor, I don't, I don't know what to say about that.
That's a weird thing to drop in there.
And talking to parents with kids that are unvaccinated is a nice curveball, indirect way of saying, I guess what she's going to say tomorrow, which is that unvaccinated kids are the healthiest, are healthy, which is really what you should say, right?
That's the answer.
Not talk to other parents because then that's anecdotal.
You're the doctor.
Talk to other parents.
The doctor is saying, talk to other parents.
Should I talk to other parents also about the infection in my leg?
Should I talk to other parents about how to set my bones when they break?
What should I talk to you about?
I'm sorry, I find this to be kind of a cop-out.
She's an MD who claims she's putting everything on the line, but then what do you say to new parents?
Talk to other parents that have unvaccinated kids?
How do I find those?
What if I don't have friends that have unvaccinated children?
Then what do I do?
How do I get an answer?
This is the biggest cop-out bullshit ever here on a Facebook video that nobody's watching.
It's a safe audience.
It's her Facebook.
Talk to other parents?
And what if I have a couple of parents who have an unvaccinated kid that's sick some other way or has some other problem, then what do I do then?
How do I?
So much bullshit.
And research as much as you can on both sides, because you know, the worst thing for me is to see somebody just listen to somebody off the cuff and not vaccinate.
And then when they- Now just do this thought experiment for me so that you can see why I'm angry.
If vaccination, intramuscular injection is no good, then it is medically equivalent to hitting a child on the head with an aluminum baseball bat.
And it's kind of random, right?
How hard do you hit them?
Well, you got to make a sound for it to qualify as hitting them.
So try to do it without hurting them.
That's basically what they do then with intramuscular injection if it's not good.
So then the answer has a doctor to something that I think she understands as equivalent to hitting a kid on the head with a baseball bat.
She says, do research on both sides.
She says, talk to parents who haven't hit their kid on the head with a baseball bat.
Do you see the problem here?
It's not clear messaging.
Shit hits the fan and somebody gets an infection, they lose their cookies, okay?
You have to know how you're gonna deal with infections, whether your children are vaccinated or not.
So don't think that just because you vaccinate, everything's gonna be fine.
You need to understand nutrition, you need to understand the use of vitamin C, you need to understand what real primary care is, which is- And if you're, you don't, if what, holy shit, she said, if you don't think that if your kids are vaccinated, you don't have to worry.
You still need to know about nutrition.
She just said it right there.
I'm sorry, but she just said it right there.
I can play it for you again, but she said it right there.
They lose their cookies and research as much as you can on both sides because, you know, the worst thing for me is to see somebody just listen to somebody off the cuff and not vaccinate.
And then when the shit hits the fan and somebody gets an infection, they lose their cookies.
You have to know how you're going to deal with infections, whether your children are vaccinated or not.
So don't think that just because you vaccinate, everything's going to be fine.
You need to understand nutrition.
You need to understand the use of vitamin C. You need to understand what real primary care is, which is actually health care and not sick care, which is what?
the well baby visits are all about, which you don't need.
So I think the most valuable resource to a new parent, just like in the old days, it's the older parents who have already been through it and done it, maybe made their mistakes, maybe have five kids, two that are vaccinated and three that aren't.
And it's not a coincidence that the ones that aren't vaccinated are always healthier than the ones that are vaccinated.
Yeah.
You know, I lived in Europe.
Why did it take so long for her to say that?
And what are the consequences of that observation as a doctor that somebody who's just raising their own kids can't make?
What can you use your years of experience and knowledge to generalize across that observation to say to parents?
What can she do?
Nothing.
She did nothing.
She just said, talk to those parents.
Cause I can't tell you what it means that those kids are always healthier.
I don't know why they're always healthier.
I just know that kids that aren't vaccinated are healthier.
Let me be crystal fricking clear.
I am explaining the mechanism.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
It amounts to poisoning.
If it's done early enough, it amounts to brain poisoning.
And so no wonder a lot of kids, the younger they are vaccinated, i.e.
intramuscularly injected with a random combination of pharmaceutical substances results in neurological damage.
But it's not surprising that it's not the only thing that happens.
And now the problem is, is that all of these shots have all different things in them.
And so every one of them has different cocktail of potential, a different bouquet of potential outcomes.
But that the bottom line is, is the reason why all these kids that are unvaccinated, as we call them in slave speak, are healthier is because they've never had a pharmaceutical product injected into them.
Why in the... Why in the world can't she say that?
She's been busy with that message since 2013!
It is now 2018, five years later, and she still can't say it!
Or you gotta go on her Facebook Live tomorrow, and then maybe she'll say it.
I don't know.
and the whole vaccine program is totally different.
And that's where I learned kind of to see the veil.
I mean, I learned also working for Merck, obviously with Vioxx and stuff like that, but where I saw real health, you know, and health being done, homeopathy is really big.
I was in Holland.
I had my son over there in a home.
You know, I think it's great that she had this experience in Holland, but I can tell you firsthand that Holland is also a bit dark ages.
These home births don't result in very high numbers.
They have one of the worst birth death rates in the Western world because their births are at home.
It's not to say that they have a terrible system or it doesn't work.
I'm just saying that the outcomes are not as good as Norway.
where most people or quite a few people give birth in the hospital, or more importantly, you see what I mean?
So it's great that she found it there.
The main reason why she found it in Holland is because the vaccine schedule is not mandated, the doctors are not trained to look at that as a primary thing to stick to in order to keep kids out of the grave.
where they are kind of, pediatricians are drilled that way here for some reason in America.
And I'm not a doctor.
I've never trained with them.
I don't know why it's that way.
Susan Humphreys in this video is gonna make some joke about how they were all hypnotized or something like that.
No, it's because when people seem to figure out the truth, it seems that they still can't really say it in a way that will snap people out of it.
You know, if you went to a friend that you really loved and her husband was cheating on him and you knew it because you were a man and you hung out with him and you found out or you heard through a friend.
And she was really your friend.
You had nothing.
He knew there was, you know, this is, uh, no kids in the marriage.
She's unhappy.
She thinks that, you know, she's not doing enough for him and she's your friend.
And you're like, look, the guy's a shithead and yada, yada, yada.
Would you tell her, you know, I don't know.
Would you tell her the truth?
Or would you tell her a bunch of stories and fables and, you know, it'll be okay.
And maybe, you know, he should get a new boyfriend.
No, I love him.
You know, are you going to tell her the truth or not?
And if that friend won't hear it, will you just say, Hey, he's cheating on you.
He doesn't love you.
Listen to me, wake up.
And at some point in time, ladies and gentlemen, we need one doctor with a head and fortitude in their guts to actually say what I'm saying, what Brandy said before me.
which is intramuscular injection is dumb.
That's how you can understand why the vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
It's not a criminal enterprise because they have no liability for the products they produce.
That's a legal situation.
It is criminal because there is no biological justification
to inject things into the muscle of a healthy child.
That's how we object to this schedule.
We don't object to it because nothing should be mandated.
We're a free people.
We object to it because it's dumb.
in the same way that if they mandated you to hit your kid with a baseball bat four times before it was six months old and show a video on social media so that they can confirm you did it, you wouldn't say you can't mandate baseball bats?
You can't, you wouldn't say we need health freedom?
You wouldn't say that you need safe baseball bats?
birth and everything.
And, um, he's completely vaccine free at six years old and he's super healthy.
And it's like, it's night and day and what we're being told, you know, it's, I mean, it's seeing it from the inside.
It's so much about profit and it really is at the sacrifice of our health.
And, um, and so this is where Brandy has gotten it wrong.
And I'm happy to say it.
She thinks it's about profit.
She thinks these pharmaceutical companies are doing it and it's much bigger than that.
As I said in the beginning of the program, it's about the Human Genome Project, which is not an NIH project.
It is a multinational cooperative project that includes Chinese partners.
That coincidentally, some of those Chinese partners of the Human Genome Project are the companies that provided the PCR tests in America to define the pandemic.
And so, yes, it is still, this was the progress, right?
It's progress.
Brandy made progress.
We're making progress from where Brandy was.
We're picking up the ball and running farther.
These well visits, I mean, I think we should just call them vaccine visits, really, because it feels like that's what it is to me.
Well, the thing is, they'll vaccinate them whether they're well or not anymore.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh, yeah.
Some of the worst disasters that we know about that you hear of the stories that Polly gets on the bus are people that get vaccinated while their kids are sick.
Polly gets these stories on the bus.
So there you go.
Now we're plugging another probably co-opted meddler that came over here with Andrew Wakefield.
And the stories are just like Brian Hooker said in 2020 on that stream, that his kid was given like five shots when he had an ear infection.
And he's pretty sure that's part of it.
Kind of implying that if you give vaccines when your kid's not got an ear infection, then it's probably okay and you won't get autism.
And of course, that's what she's saying here too.
It's almost like they talked to each other and made a checkbox of the things that they should say to make sure that they stay on narrative and make sure that this person never realizes it.
It's just like an illusion of consensus.
It's funny how everybody agrees.
Polly agrees that she finds that on the bus.
She makes sure that she agrees.
Even Brian Hooker agrees that it must've been the, you know, not when he said that in 2000, he didn't say that in 2013.
He said that in 2020, that his kid.
had an ear infection, he thinks that was important.
The doctor says, well, you know, it's probably okay.
Don't ever let a needle go into your child when they're sick.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
Don't ever let a needle go into your child when they're sick.
And the other appropriate sound for that would be... I'm sorry, that's incorrect.
Do not let a needle go into your child ever unless it's an IV.
How about that?
This is a joke to me.
So adults were getting kidney problems because of the flu vaccine and she took them seriously.
That's interesting because this book is about polio and about smallpox and about measles.
And so what's weird about that is that's at least three shots that all have different components.
Some of them have aluminum or mercury or whatever.
And so rather than,
coming to the conclusion that maybe it doesn't matter what kind of bullshit you put in that needle.
It's the needle itself that's the dumb idea.
She's just writing more books and selling seminars on Facebook Live and not telling you the truth.
So I looked into what's in vaccines and the potential for inflammation and the case reports that are out there all over the medical literature from decades of people having acute kidney failure after vaccination, after flu shots, which is what I saw.
So I started my research there and it just moved into the childhood vaccines because you can't see what's happening to the adults and not wonder how a newborn baby or a pregnant mother or 69 vaccines
doses, I should say, of vaccines is going to do in a child.
When I saw what one dose can do to an elderly person or even just a 40-year-old, you know what I've been hearing.
So she still didn't come to the conclusion that intramuscular injection was dumb if one could hurt an adult?
Can you not see this yet?
Can you not see it?
It's really a baseball bat to your head.
And she is talking about, you know, don't hit them in the head when they're sick, that's for sure.
Hearing a lot from nurses is that patients are having a lot of strokes in the hospital after they give the flu vaccine, the older patients.
And some of them are coding.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
It's just incredible what they're doing.
And I know that the medical community is.
So it wouldn't be an easy way to manage the population pyramid, would it?
You know, you got all these old people and if they retire and they live until they're 80, they'll take some money, right?
If they retire and they live until they're 70, they'll take a little less money.
So what if we just gave them flu shots for a few years and a certain percentage of them stroked out?
Maybe we could just reduce the burden on the social security budget by just pushing the flu shot.
Is she gonna, no?
What?
What's happening?
Where is the summary?
Where's the understanding here after five years and a fricking book?
Two books.
She mentioned another book, Rising From the Dead.
That's her second book.
Where's the, oh my gosh, if you can't see it.
Very brainwashed.
I mean, I was as well, working for Merck.
But why do you think more doctors and nurses don't wake up when it's right in front of their face?
You know, everybody asks me that question.
I think I must have been absent in medical school the day that they did that, you know, that hypnosis technique on everybody that made them believe that everything they did was the best that could be offered and that the CDC and the World Health Organization can do no wrong.
The CDC and the World Health Organization are also bad guys in her story.
It has nothing to do with the idea that doctors are taught that intramuscular injection is a very good way to give medicine.
And it's not.
It's just an assumption that these people have been taught is a good one.
And it is an accepted illusion of consensus across Western medicine that maybe was put in place by a few shitheads.
I don't know, but it's everywhere now.
Why wouldn't she just say that?
It's so simple.
You don't need, you don't need to write a 477 page book to say the stuff that's the truth.
That's the, that's the problem, right?
It's just, that's the problem.
So I can't understand that I can't explain it because it's not that the doctors are evil.
It's not that they're trying to do harm to people, but they're incredibly impermeable to new information.
It's not new information if you don't explain it right.
It's not new information if you tell them a bunch of things that are incoherent and some of them are incongruent and never come to any logical conclusion based on what they say.
And so of course nobody's gonna listen to this lady.
She never brings it to a point where someone can say, hmm, what's he saying again?
I wanna really understand the challenge that she's saying.
What is she saying?
We don't know.
What is the truth?
She hasn't said it yet.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Now argue.
Give me five examples of where intramuscular injection's a great idea and it works perfect.
exactly as intended.
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe with a pure substance, you know, like something diluted in saline, like aspirin or a metabolic steroid in saline, if it's pure and clean and whatever.
Maybe putting that intramuscularly is not something that's going to go absolutely haywire because
There are saline, there's liquid, and there's salt, and there's hormones in your blood or something like that.
But we're not talking about that.
We're talking about a combination of substances, preservatives, and chemicals, and biologics, which have no business being there.
and doing it over and over and over again with the intention of attracting the immune system, using a word called adjuvant, which is just another name for toxin.
And the more toxic they are, the better the adjuvant is.
And so this whole concept is again, they want you to believe that, oh, maybe it's the adjuvant so that they can substitute the adjuvants for something else, but it's not.
It's intramuscular injection and transfection or transformation
It's even worse.
Especially if it goes against what they've already been told.
But there were a few doctors who stopped taking their own flu shots and who stopped giving their own kids excessive amounts of vaccines.
Excessive amounts of vaccines?
What about the doctors in Chicago, the doctor in Chicago who is giving nobody vaccines?
What about the doctors in Chicago that give nobody vaccines?
There's a Jewish doctor in Chicago in the in the 90s that was giving no vaccines and he was famous and none of these people will say his name.
That's why you don't know his name right now.
But they still, all in all, believed in vaccination and refused to stand next to me, you know, when I was writing my manifesto about, you know, the problem with vaccination to renal patients.
There was nobody that was willing to stand there and say, I agree with her, even though they didn't quite.
What, agree with what?
That it was causing that problem?
Or that intramuscular injection without anything would be dumb, that augmenting the immune system that way is ridiculous.
Nope, we're not getting there.
And this is an MD.
supposedly an expert on human physiology.
Behind closed doors, there was some support, but out in the open, nothing.
Yeah, and that's one of the questions I get all the time as well.
Why don't more people in pharma speak out?
They must see it as well.
Why don't more people in the medical communities?
And what I experienced was that pharmaceutical reps and pharma in general has so much power over the entire medical system, over doctors, over hospitals, over the health insurance companies even, and it's just,
It's just, it's crazy.
You know, most people who haven't seen it from the inside, like we have, I feel like it's harder for them to grasp, even though it's a billion dollar, multi-billion dollar industry.
It's just seeing it up close was, yeah, disturbing.
Let's just think about one thing in particular somebody just brought up.
What happens when you inject something into a vein?
Where does it go?
Have you ever thought about that?
Do you know enough about human physiology?
I wonder if even if I know enough about human physiology, as far as I understand it, um, that might mean that the blood would first go back to the heart, um, and then go through the lungs.
Um, it could go through the liver.
Um, it could go right up to the brain and blood brain barrier, but then, you know, wherever it goes, um,
Intramuscular injection is not like that.
Intramuscular injection could go in a number of different places.
It could find itself in the lymph.
It could find itself in the interstitial space where the lymph is, where the extracellular fluid is and flowing.
It could find itself in the blood.
And it can find itself in between muscle cells and in muscle cells.
And I don't know what that means.
It could find itself in the adipose tissue that also is part of the muscle.
It could find itself in the connective tissue or in between the connective tissue, the fascia.
It could be in any number of places and then slowly but surely leak out over weeks and weeks and weeks.
Perhaps even longer, but certainly over more than hours and possibly more than days.
And so, what you're dealing with here is a propensity not to know what's happening.
In fact, if you inject something in the vein, you usually have to inject it in a very controlled way.
Somebody who's doing heroin will pass out if they inject into the vein all at once and it's too much.
They pass out.
They go
unconscious because the rise in concentration of the drug is so high.
I mean, so quick.
It's the same reason why people who are injecting steroids will do it in big muscles and occasionally it's not comfortable because it goes in to a vein or an artery and it gets into their system very quickly and they can feel that change and it's not nice.
So it's interesting to think about the idea that we are injecting children at an age when they are unable to report the symptoms.
And then we're injecting them in a place that will, by necessity, by definition, will temporarily spread out the potential consequences over time.
in a person that's already unable to associate symptoms with what just happened, even if it were only a few hours.
And so there's a lot of layers here with regard to intramuscular injection that's nasty.
One of the nastiest one of them is that the effects of the toxin
will be temporarily spread out and crescendo slowly through time relative to an intravenous or arterial injection.
And, you know, a cutaneous injection might not even reach deep circulation.
So, it's interesting.
And certainly, if you drink something, it's got to go, make it through your gut, make it through your stomach, make it into the absorption area of the small intestine, and then pass through the mucus, pass into the lymph, and then actually move.
It can only go one place then.
Either it goes directly through your immune system and meets a wall of immune cells,
Or it goes through your liver first.
And the likelihood of, I mean, the liver is a wonderful toxic processor.
Gets rid of a lot of stuff.
So intramuscular injection is spectacularly dumb.
And the biology of intramuscular injection is spectacularly in the favor of people who would like you to not understand that simply because again, it is the dumbest place to put medicine if the idea is to understand what that medicine does.
If you had an intention and you knew what it was doing, you would put it in a place other than the muscle.
That's just the reality of it.
And I think Susan Humphreys must know this by now.
and I really honor you because you did speak out you know and like you said there are doctors behind the scenes that that thank you and that agree with you but they won't come forward and I'm hoping that you will your inspiration will inspire them to to speak out and I thank you because it takes you know it takes a lot of courage and
Yeah, and boldness and ethics to come forward.
I have no, actually, illusion or hope that doctors are going to start waking up.
I really don't.
I saw the potential for that and I just had to walk away from it.
But I think parents waking up, because there are way more parents than there are doctors, and I have seen some parents turn around the minds of some doctors.
So I think parents, that's my mission is to get parents to see, because they're the ones at the interface between their child and that needle.
And they're the ones that are responsible when things go bad.
So they're the ones that really I am interested in getting them to explore on their own, everything the CDC has to say, everything you have to say, everything I have to say, and then coming to their own determination.
So again, what I think I see here is a distinct effort not to rank order priority of messaging.
There is no priority of messaging.
You should read what the CDC puts out.
You should read what the WHO puts out.
You should read what Brandy puts out.
You should read my books.
And then you should make up your own mind because there is no right or wrong answer.
It's just what you feel after you've read all sides.
Hopefully you'll come to the conclusion that I did, which is that, you know,
hitting your kid in the head later and less times and with a safe baseball bat is better than I don't know what.
I think you can see it.
I hope you can see it.
This is a joke to me.
And I'm annoyed because we are in 2025, seven years later, and there are hundreds of thousands of people on the internet celebrating this lady being on Rogan.
And I guarantee you dollars to donuts, that's two and a half hours of bullshit.
Because you can tell the truth about sanitation.
You can tell the truth about clean water.
You can tell the truth about washing hands.
You can tell the truth about not getting poop in your mouth.
You can tell the truth about chlorinated water.
You can tell the truth about pesticides and DDT.
and you still won't save a single person.
You won't change the mind of a single doctor.
She even says her goal as a doctor is not to change the mind of any doctors.
She wants to talk to parents who will easily dismiss her as anti-vax, but that's okay.
The hard one would be to try and convince doctors.
That's what GigaOM Biological is trying to do.
That's why we use language like intramuscular injection is dumb, transfection was always a crime, and RNA cannot pandemic.
Because we're challenging people that think that they have the requisite technical knowledge to bring anything useful to this table.
I just don't think they do.
Otherwise they would address those terms and those questions by now.
This woman would have gotten to intramuscular injection is dumb by now, but she hasn't and that can only be because she's on script.
Doctors, no.
I think we just need, you know, it's really- I still have my fingers crossed.
But why, you know what, you really, for the majority of doctor visits, really, they're not necessary.
I think it's just better that we abandon them and only use them when they're truly needed, when there's an organ failure, a broken bone.
Crisis care.
Exactly.
Yeah, I mean, that's one of the things I talk about is, you know, the medical system is great at crisis care, but in terms of prevention, in terms of health, I mean, we have a sick care system.
So we're into this video quite far, and now her message is that we should ditch our allopathic MD.
for a chiropractor and only go to an MD when like, you know, it's systemic failure or they need an operation.
We don't have a healthcare system.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not just vaccines.
That's the problem.
I think we need, I think we need a safety commission on medical doctors in general, not just on vaccination.
Yeah, I agree.
And you know, but vaccination, one of the things that we don't have, I've noticed, we don't have a safety commission or any, we don't have any, what, what the hell is she talking about here?
I mean, that's really the foundation for the house of cards, you know, because it creates lifelong customers in some cases.
And usually there will be some issue, the more and more and more toxins and vaccines that you get.
And that creates a base, a customer base for all of these medications, for depression, for anxiety, for seizures, for type one diabetes, you know, all of these things.
I mean, and cancer of course, eventually.
Why aren't you nodding?
It does, but you know, here we go.
I really, from what I observe, without those doctors giving antibiotics for every sniffle, every sneeze, every skin infection, those vaccines wouldn't do half the amount of harm that they do.
It's a culmination of all the abuses that the medical system has to offer from conception to birth.
That is, to me, very remarkable, because I don't think there's any reason to compare the possible effects of antibiotics with the possible effects of intramuscular injection of toxins.
And yet here she is saying, yeah, but you know, I think vaccines are just as culpable as antibiotics, even though antibiotics should be, should be
should be part of this story, which is sanitation, clean water, and yes, antibiotics.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you've never had an acute skin infection from having a puncture wound, if you've never had a cellulitis infection from eczema,
If you've never had a bite wound and gone into sepsis and had IV antibiotics cure you, then you need to stop talking about what antibiotics do and don't do.
Is it possible that oral antibiotics are bad?
Yeah, it's possible.
Is it possible that the overuse of certain oral antibiotics could be terrible for your gut microbiome?
Yeah, of course it is.
And that could drive people nuts.
Kids could get all kinds.
Yes, of course.
But the foundation of this is not antibiotics.
There's not a single kid that has autism because of antibiotics.
I would bet dollars to donuts on it.
Unless you can show me some example of somebody that was on antibiotics for weeks and weeks and weeks and all different kinds of antibiotics.
And so sure, I get it.
Then that's an example.
But the use of antibiotics when you need them is a foundation of Western medicine and a foundation of how we've gotten this far.
Without antibiotics, an awful lot of infections would lead to death.
A lot of stab wounds, a lot of gunshot wounds, a lot of ladder accidents, a lot of broken compound fractures would have led to death.
Now, is there another way to treat sepsis?
Maybe with high dose vitamin C?
Sure, maybe that's possible.
But to say that antibiotics are more bad than good
when used when needed is absurd.
And I think I can teach a new biology 101 that will put antibiotics right where they belong, put the microbiome right where it belongs, put our biology right in the frame that it belongs, and all of these myths will disappear.
All of these mythologies and these objections and these, you know, limited spectrums of debate will just vanish because they'll seem dumb.
because the elephant in the room will finally be visible.
And it's visible in this video because these people can't seem to say it.
The vaccines are just part of it.
I know, it's true.
Vaccines are just part of it.
Yeah, I know it's true.
You've got to be able to rank order priority here, ladies and gentlemen.
And if kids are eating hamburgers,
and some doctors are prescribing too much antibiotics, and a lot of pediatricians are hitting kids in the heads with baseball bats repeatedly before they're six months old, one of those three is the most important.
Gosh darn it, one of the three is the most important, and you need to see it.
We need to see it.
And if you can see it, then you'll understand why this person had a book in 2013,
is in a Facebook video with Brandy Vaughn in 2018, has never mentioned Brandy Vaughn to you or anybody else, was in the movie Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2, and is on Joe Rogan in 2025, and still can't tell you the truth!
Uh, all right, so...
How can we stop it?
What can we do?
You talked about the parents.
I started learntherisk.org.
Everyone go there.
I know most of you who follow me know all about it, but we did launch a billboard near Cal Jam in honor of Cal Jam and everyone here just two blocks away.
Please help, please volunteer.
We're starting chapters in all different states and areas.
We have flyers, free flyers to distribute.
What else can we do?
Dr. Humphreys, you know.
This is how a person looks when they know that somebody's duped.
Watch the video from the beginning again, and this is how a lot of people, I think, probably looked at me for the two or three years that I was chasing them around like a puppy dog, just like she.
This is one of my heroes.
I was shaking their hand.
Boy, you're one of my, boy, you're one of my heroes.
I can't believe how brave you are.
Boy, can I take a selfie with you, Ryan Cole?
Can I take a selfie with you, Pierre Corey?
Can I take a selfie with you, Vera Sharov?
Can I take a selfie with you, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.?
Can I take a selfie with you,
Jay Bhattacharya, you guys are so awesome.
I can't believe how much you put on the line to get the truth out, whatever the truth is.
I really don't know because I'm not a politician.
I don't know how to move masses of people.
I know how to dig up information.
I know how to describe what the science that exists and how it doesn't make sense in the way that it's, you know, being abused.
And that's really my mission.
As far as the bigger picture, you know, I leave that to the attorneys and the parents and the people that are much better at organizing large groups of people.
All right, so Dr. Humphreys says that we need to... Do I know any biology that backs up what statements that intramuscular injection is dumb?
Every bit of biology that's in any biology book will tell you that if you learn it correctly.
I think it's kind of funny.
There's a new guy in the chat.
It's good to see Fatty Liver King.
I'm glad you're here.
It's good to see people, you know, trying to understand what's going on.
I'm afraid that if intramuscular injection seems like a given to you, then you got a lot of work to do, man.
There's a long way to go.
for you to understand how bad things are if you're asking that question in this forum.
But I'm really happy that you're here.
I'm really happy that you have an open enough mind to be here.
So good to see you.
To motivate and get out there.
And it's the parents.
It's the parents who are going to change the conversation.
I agree, because legislatively, in the courts, we're outmanned right now.
It's the parents that have to rise up.
And in California, we had 1,000 people go to the Capitol, and it didn't make a difference at all.
The reason why I don't think the parents can rise up is because parents who do not have what they see as a vaccine-injured kid have no reason to stand up.
and the people that have a vaccine injured kid have already stood up.
And so in reality, what we need are people with the requisite knowledge
that understand the biology to stand up, to learn it and understand it and then speak out.
That's why we need doctors to stand up.
That's why I think we need biologists to stand up to say that, wait a minute, if PCR was used like Dr. Cooey says it was used, then PCR is bullshit as a diagnostic.
Because that's not how I use it to make my nature papers.
And that's what I assumed that they would do.
The same thing with transfection.
We need people with a professional background to realize they've been fooled.
We need doctors with a professional experience of 20 years to realize the changes that have occurred during their career and wake up.
Because old doctors are old enough to still remember that this is a change that occurred in the 80s, in the 90s.
That's why it's important to appeal to doctors, to her peers, instead of appealing to people that are below her in their intellectual ability to grasp the trap they're in.
So, apparently, until we're 100,000, they're not going to listen.
So, please help us get the grassroots going.
Educate yourselves.
You know, that's really the best thing, I think, because you're not going to convince anybody else.
I mean, your healthy children are good evidence, but you're not going to have necessarily assurance of healthy children if you don't educate yourselves about health and disease, not just about the ingredients of vaccines.
That's not enough.
You have to understand how to maintain a healthy immune system.
Knowing the ingredients of the vaccines is not enough.
You have to know how to maintain a healthy immune system.
Spread the word the best that you can in the most grounded, calm, you know, educated way that you can.
And it's possible.
Any parent can do it.
I've seen people, parents without even a high school education, become better able to debate the issues with health and disease and vaccination than a doctor.
Yep, I've seen it too.
Alright, so on that note, healthiness, what supplements should everybody be on every day?
food, good food, whole food, organic if you can, grow your own as much as you can, have backyard chickens, have your own garden, do your sprouts in the spring, and there's nothing like good, holistic nutrition.
Supplements, I'm sorry, but there's no way I'm ever gonna sign on to the You Need Masses of Supplements campaign.
You can't eat a garbage diet and think you're gonna save yourself with supplements.
Now, even if you're in a healthy state, I don't even believe you need supplement with vitamin C, and I'm a total vitamin C freak, but I think that if you're eating enough
you know, red peppers and cilantro and parsley and those kind of things that are really rich in whole vitamin C, and you're not sick, you don't have any chronic diseases, you don't need any of that.
Yep.
All right.
No exercise in this doctor's recommendation at all.
I would say that exercising every day now that I'm doing it is probably the most important thing in my regiment.
It's what makes my lymph move.
It's what makes my circulation happen.
It's what keeps me from being injured.
I just, for me, it is most important to move.
I married a dancer not knowing that one of the reasons why I married her is because of how she moves.
It's because of her cerebellum, if you will.
And my kids have it too.
My kids are all very graceful thanks to her and her cerebellum.
I'm sorry, I think I just got to add that exercise is very important.
Exercise in children is ridiculously important.
You essentially are setting the precedence for a pattern integrity that will go on in time forever.
A child who doesn't exercise is setting a precedence of a pattern where exercise isn't required.
And so, the joints, the ligaments, the bones, and the muscles will not have developed in the context of exercise and movement.
And this is interesting.
There's a term for this.
This is called euphenics.
Euphenics is a term that Joshua Lederberg came up with that describes the optimum and optimization of development.
And one of his arguments was that we can't really understand eugenics, you know, optimizing the genome, until we first understand what the optimal developmental conditions and optimal developmental trajectory of a human is, so that we first understand our full genetic potential as it is naturally occurring, before we ever dream of interpreting it, and then hoping to augment it.
Do you see how much nonsense is out there and how easy it is to say things?
Right, I agree.
So thank you so much for joining us.
I can't wait until your talk tomorrow.
Everybody go to dissolvingillusions.com.
And you can see the book also on my website and see talks from Suzanne at learntherisk.org.
Who's she looking at?
And also Rising from the Dead is an amazing book that everyone should go get on Amazon and check it out.
And thank you.
Thank you for joining us.
All right.
If I would have been interviewed by Brandi, I would have had my arms around her and my head right next to hers at the end of the video.
And this looks terrifying to me.
I think this is evidence.
I think it's a giant admission.
I'm not very happy about it.
This is for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
That's the reason why none of these people like Susan Humphreys, who's had two books and 10 years to tell you, will never tell you that intramuscular injection is dumb.
She'll never tell you that Brandy's got a point, you know.
Injection of a pharmaceutical's a lot different than ingestion, and we sure spend a lot of money and do a lot of trials and require a lot of proof for things that we're gonna ingest.
And we require none of that for stuff that we're going to inject, even though it doesn't even make biological sense to augment the immune system from behind it.
Whoops.
Uh-oh.
We may have a small crashing problem here.
Hold on one second.
I think we're having a crash here.
Do you guys see me still?
Can you still see me?
Because maybe it's just PowerPoint doing this.
Yes.
Juanta says yes.
Okay, so I'm going to see if I can fix this problem here.
What's going on with PowerPoint?
Wow.
I don't know what's up.
I might just kill it right here.
I don't know why I can't advance slides anymore or
resume the show.
Let me see if I get some.
Yes, you can still see me on Twitch.
Okay, so I can probably wrap it up here.
We'll just slide over to the other side here.
I don't know what happened sometimes every once in a while.
Whoops, I guess.
you get a little problem here with PowerPoint too much.
Anyway, it's been 2013 since Brian Hooker was able to say that, you know, maybe the whole idea of vaccination is kind of crazy.
And we're in 2025, he's not saying it anymore.
Susan Humphreys has actually had a book
that came out in 2013 where she says that polio is kind of a scam and that it was a lot of water and sanitation and maybe it was DDT and measles is also part of that scam.
But then later now we hear in 2018,
that she told Brandy that it was all about the flu shot in adults that really woke her up.
And yet, despite all of these bad outcomes from all of these different intramuscular injections, an MD like her with multiple books and many, many years on this project or problem has not been able to succinctly come to the conclusion that intramuscular injection in general of toxins might be dumb.
That's unfortunate, but that's where we are.
I will play us out like this and see if I go over here.
Maybe I can do this.
Does this work still?
Oh, look at that.
I can't really see that though.
I guess I have to switch over like this.
Oh, that's me too tiny.
I'm too tiny.
I need to be a little bit bigger.
There we go.
Good to see everybody here.
I can put the chat up and then check out Peertube's chat too.
I guess there's nobody on Peertube.
If you want to very briefly go to Peertube and type something into the chat, you don't have to log in.
Just choose a name and start typing.
I hope this was a decent show.
Next week, we're going to start with Biology 101.
Stay tuned.
We will send an email update to all the people on the website, all the people on the mailing list over the weekend.
It's Friday tomorrow, though, so I'll still be online tomorrow, most likely with a show around the same time.
I don't know, 10, 10, 11, 11, 12, 12, something like that.
Good to see everybody.
Thank you very much for being here.
I will be back soon.
Hey, there's Solar Fire on, there it is.
It's on, I see it on PeerTube as well, so it's working.
Thanks, Solar Fire, five by five, wonderful.
Wonderful.